Website - Bhuvan Discussion Forum
Website URL - https://bhuvan.nrsc.gov.in/forum/
Website Content Details - 
Bhuvan Discussion Forum is a forum for users of Bhuvan, a geospatial information system developed by the National Remote Sensing Centre (NRSC) of India. The forum is open to anyone who is interested in Bhuvan, including users, developers, and researchers.

The forum is divided into several sections, each of which is dedicated to a specific topic related to Bhuvan. These sections include:

General - This section is for general discussion about Bhuvan.
Technical - This section is for technical discussion about Bhuvan, such as how to use the software, how to create maps, and how to develop plugins.
Applications - This section is for discussion about how Bhuvan is being used in a variety of applications, such as disaster management, agriculture, and environmental monitoring.
Support - This section is for users to ask questions and get help from other users or NRSC staff.
The forum is a valuable resource for anyone who is interested in Bhuvan. It is a great place to learn about the software, to get help with using it, and to connect with other users and developers.

Here are some of the benefits of using the Bhuvan Discussion Forum:

You can get help with using Bhuvan from other users and NRSC staff.
You can learn about new features and capabilities of Bhuvan.
You can share your knowledge and experience with other users.
You can collaborate with other users on projects.
If you are interested in Bhuvan, I encourage you to join the discussion forum. It is a great way to get the most out of the software.

Here are some specific examples of how the Bhuvan Discussion Forum has been used:

A user was having trouble using the Bhuvan API to create a custom map. They posted a question on the forum and received help from another user who was familiar with the API.
A group of researchers were working on a project to use Bhuvan to monitor deforestation. They used the forum to share their progress and to get feedback from other users.
A teacher was using Bhuvan in her classroom to teach her students about geography. She used the forum to get ideas for lesson plans and to connect with other teachers who were using Bhuvan in the classroom.
The Bhuvan Discussion Forum is a valuable resource for anyone who is interested in Bhuvan. It is a great place to learn, collaborate, and share your knowledge.
