Website - Bhuvan Disaster Services Portal 
Website URL - https://bhuvan-app1.nrsc.gov.in/disaster/disaster.php
Website Content Details -
Bhuvan Disaster Services is a suite of web-based applications developed by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) to provide satellite data and information to support disaster management efforts in India. The services cover a range of disasters, including floods, cyclones, landslides, earthquakes, forest fires, and droughts.

The Bhuvan Disaster Services dashboard provides a single point of access to all of the services. The dashboard includes a map of India that shows the extent of any current disasters. Users can also view historical data for past disasters.

The Bhuvan Disaster Services offer a variety of features to support disaster management, including:

Near-real-time monitoring: The services use satellite data to provide near-real-time monitoring of disasters. This information can be used to track the progress of a disaster and identify areas that are most at risk.
Early warning systems: The services can be used to develop early warning systems for disasters. This information can be used to evacuate people from danger zones before a disaster strikes.
Vulnerability assessments: The services can be used to assess the vulnerability of areas to disasters. This information can be used to target mitigation efforts and reduce the impact of disasters.
The Bhuvan Disaster Services are available to government agencies, non-governmental organizations, and the general public. The services are free to use, but users must register for an account.

Specific features of the Bhuvan Disaster Services for floods

The Bhuvan Disaster Services for floods provide the following features:

Inundation mapping: The services use satellite data to map areas that have been inundated by floods. This information can be used to assess the extent of the damage and to identify areas that need to be evacuated.
Flood early warning system: The services can be used to develop a flood early warning system. This system uses satellite data to track the movement of floodwaters and to issue warnings to people in danger.
Flood vulnerability index: The services can be used to develop a flood vulnerability index. This index measures the risk of flooding for different areas.
Specific features of the Bhuvan Disaster Services for cyclones

The Bhuvan Disaster Services for cyclones provide the following features:

Cyclone tracking: The services use satellite data to track the movement of cyclones. This information can be used to issue warnings to people in the path of a cyclone.
Cyclone damage assessment: The services can be used to assess the damage caused by cyclones. This information can be used to develop recovery plans.
Specific features of the Bhuvan Disaster Services for landslides

The Bhuvan Disaster Services for landslides provide the following features:

Landslide mapping: The services use satellite data to map areas that are at risk of landslides. This information can be used to target mitigation efforts.
Landslide early warning system: The services can be used to develop a landslide early warning system. This system uses satellite data to track the movement of landslides and to issue warnings to people in danger.
Specific features of the Bhuvan Disaster Services for earthquakes

The Bhuvan Disaster Services for earthquakes provide the following features:

Earthquake monitoring: The services use satellite data to monitor earthquakes. This information can be used to track the progress of an earthquake and to identify areas that are most at risk.
Earthquake damage assessment: The services can be used to assess the damage caused by earthquakes. This information can be used to develop recovery plans.
Specific features of the Bhuvan Disaster Services for forest fires

The Bhuvan Disaster Services for forest fires provide the following features:

Forest fire detection: The services use satellite data to detect forest fires. This information can be used to issue warnings to people in the area and to deploy firefighting resources.
Forest fire monitoring: The services can be used to monitor the progress of forest fires. This information can be used to track the spread of the fire and to assess the damage caused.
Specific features of the Bhuvan Disaster Services for droughts

The Bhuvan Disaster Services for droughts provide the following features:

Drought monitoring: The services use satellite data to monitor drought conditions. This information can be used to track the progress of a drought and to identify areas that are most at risk.
Drought impact assessment: The services can be used to assess the impact of droughts. This information can be used to develop mitigation efforts and to provide relief to affected people.
The Bhuvan Disaster Services are a valuable resource for disaster management in India. The services provide timely and accurate information that can be used to save lives and property.
