Website - Bhuvan Water Bodies Information System (WBIS) 
Website URL - https://bhuvan-wbis.nrsc.gov.in
Website Content Description - 
Bhuvan WBIS, or Water Bodies Information System, is a web-based application developed by the National Remote Sensing Centre (NRSC) of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO). It provides information on the distribution, extent, and characteristics of water bodies in India.

The data for Bhuvan WBIS is derived from satellite imagery, using a combination of spectral, spatial, and temporal information. The application provides data for water bodies of all sizes, from large reservoirs to small ponds.

Bhuvan WBIS can be used for a variety of purposes, including:

Water resource management: The application can be used to track the availability of water resources, identify areas of water scarcity, and assess the impact of climate change on water resources.
Environmental monitoring: The application can be used to track changes in the environment, such as the extent of wetlands or the impact of pollution on water bodies.
Planning and development: The application can be used to support planning and development activities, such as the construction of dams or the development of new water resources.
Bhuvan WBIS is a valuable tool for anyone who needs information on water bodies in India. The application is easy to use and provides a wealth of information that can be used to support a variety of purposes.

Here are some specific examples of how Bhuvan WBIS can be used:

A water resources department could use Bhuvan WBIS to track the water levels in reservoirs and identify areas where water shortages are likely to occur.
An environmental organization could use Bhuvan WBIS to track the extent of wetlands and identify areas that are at risk of being lost to development.
A city planner could use Bhuvan WBIS to identify areas where new water resources could be developed.
Bhuvan WBIS is a powerful tool that can be used to improve our understanding of water bodies in India. The application is available to the public free of charge.
