Website - Bhuvan Geoportal for Baseline Studies on Water Use Efficiency (WUE) of Irrigation projects
Website URL - https://bhuvan-app1.nrsc.gov.in/walamtari/walamtari.php
Website Content Details - 
The performance of the existing irrigation systems (particularly, the Major and Medium irrigation projects) suffer from low water use efficiency, distribution losses, poor operational maintenance and management of soil salinity, water logging and tail end problems.

Space-borne multi-spectral data by virtue of synoptic coverage of a fairly large area at regular interval has been found to be very useful in generating information on the status of irrigation commands for objective evaluation and for taking up corrective measures. NRSC carried out performance evaluation of command areas using satellite remote sensing data across several irrigation projects in India.

Baseline study of water use efficiency of 10 medium irrigation projects in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh States is conducted by NRSC in collaboration with WALAMTARI with the objectives to assess the irrigated area and irrigation system performance for the projects under consideration for the year 2016- 2017 with satellite inputs coupled with infield measurements.

The portal depicts the various elements of the 10 medium irrigation projects under investigation. The various geo-spatial data sets cover administrative, infrastructure, topographic/terrain, thematic, hydrological, irrigation and socio-economic aspects. The portal hosts ground truth data collected by field functionaries. The portal also enables periodic updation of dynamic field data on irrigation canal supplies and reservoir storage.
 Administrative
 Hydrological
 Terrain
NRSC Thematic Data

 Land Use Land Cover
 Cropland
 Water Bodies Information
NRSC Thematic Data

Irrigation Projects - WUE Studies

 
 Andhra PradeshTelangana
 MajorMedium


Canal Layer Information


 Reservoir Data
 Canal Data
 Satellite Data
 Crop pattern
 Crop Condition

Select Project	
IIW
Select State	
All
Date Mode   Day  Period
Start Date:	
mm/dd/yyyy
End Date:	

mm/dd/yyyy
 
click to view   


Field Data Collection Android Apps
1. CGTW  AIBP Field Data Collection Android App

2. IIW  IPU Field Data Collection Android App

3. CCEW  CCEW Field Data Collection Android App

